`README.md` rewrite (#1)
bleudev/qw: README.md

# qw

> QuickWrite (qw) - Vim-like command line editor with a lot of features written on React.js and Ink.

Reviewer: Oh, thanks, that was confusing.

Key features:
- FULL customisation. You can customise everything! Any used color! Any hotkey! Just like in Arch

> - Everything important without any additionals, but you can install (or write your own) packages! Editor, tool for show etc.

Reviewer 2: "additionals" тут странно написано и "tool for show" непонятно и грамматически неверно но я хз на что можно поменять, тут ты сам

Author: @bleudev что ты имел ввиду под "tool for show"? просто реально непонятно мб для превью что-то мб prettifier

Reviewer 2: мб он имел ввиду типа утилита как неофетч тока эквивалент для этого ну чтоб скрины красивые крутые кидать

Reviewer: > @bleudev что ты имел ввиду под "tool for show"? просто реально непонятно мб для превью что-то мб prettifier

Типо `cat`, только с подсветкой синтаксиса, возможностью перемещаться как в `man` (скроллить в терминале) и прочим что придет в голову.

> - Everything important without anything extra, but you can install (or write your own) packages! Editor, tool for show etc. <!-- tool for show definitely requires replacing but idk with what -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Everything important without anything extra, but you can install (or write your own) packages! Editor, `cat`-like tool with syntax highlight and scrolling using arrow keys, how in `man`, etc.
```

Reviewer 2: syntax highlighting*

just like in `man`* (или like in `man`)

TODO:
- [ ] Basic editor

> - [ ] File showing system (eq. of `cat`, but with syntax highlighing and other things)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] File showing system (like `cat`, but with syntax highligthing and other things)
```

Reviewer: > highlighting* (у тебя там ошибка)

спс
